How to Taruna
The moon smiles
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
The dancing heart is dancing
What is it? What is it?
The fragrant bud is dancing
The wind is white
Come on, come on, come on, come on
The island is also standing
The dancing heart is dancing
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
What is it? What is it?
The snow and the ice are all over the place
The people are happy and happy
Come on, come on, come on
Everyone is proud of the snow and the ice
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
The dancing heart is dancing
What is it? What is it?
Come on, come on, come on, come on
The dancing heart is dancing
The boat is sailing
Come on, come on, come on, come on
The dancing heart is dancing
We'll be together forever,
We'll be together forever.